 
CALL FOR PAPERS

TPRC Presents the 36th Research Conference on Communication, Information, and Internet Policy
Hosted by the Center for Technology and the Law at the George Mason University Law School
Arlington, Virginia
http://www.tprc.org

Important Dates:
Abstracts, panels, posters due: May 2, 2008
Acceptance notices: May 30, 2008
Papers due: August 15, 2008
Conference: Friday, September 26, 2008 through Sunday, September 28

**** Students: Please Also See the Call for the Student Competition ****

TPRC is an annual conference on communication, information, and internet policy that convenes international and interdisciplinary practitioners and researchers from academia, industry, government, and nonprofit organizations together with policy  makers. The purpose of the conference is to acquaint policymakers with the best of recent research and to familiarize researchers with the knowledge requirements of policymakers and industry. The conference will consist of papers selected from reviewed, submitted abstracts, student posters, and selected panel submissions. 

TPRC is now soliciting abstracts of papers, panel proposals and student posters for presentation at the 2008 conference. Proposals should be based on current theoretical or empirical research relevant to communication and information policy, and may be from any disciplinary perspective. TPRC seeks submissions of disciplinary, comparative, multidisciplinary or interdisciplinary excellence. Subject areas of particular interest include, but are not limited to the following (for more detailed descriptions see http://www.tprc.org):
 
1. Network Competition, Policy and Management
2. Next Generation and all-IP Networks: Policy, Regulatory, Architectural and Societal Issues 
3. Spectrum Management and Wireless Futures: Anywhere, Anytime Communications and its Implications
4. Societal Issues, Universality, and Affordable Access in the 21st Century; ICTs for Development and Growth
5. The Transformation and Future of Media in an Age of User- and Community-Produced Creativity
6. The Transformation and Future of Intellectual Property and Digital Rights
7. Privacy, Security, Identity and Trust
8. Internet Governance and Institutional Strategies for Information Policy
9. Other Emerging Topics

Submissions are due by May 2, 2008. Abstracts, panel proposals and poster submissions must be submitted electronically at http://www.tprc.org. For posters and abstract, please identify the methods, central ideas, and outcomes (obtained or expected) of the research. A secondary classification of the method used in the research will be requested upon submission to assure appropriate review. Responses will be made by May 30, 2008. Selected papers will be due to TPRC on August 15th and authors are expected to present the accepted submission.  Abstracts are not to exceed 500 words. 

Poster sessions will be available to enable the display of current student work. Students only are recommended to enter the poster competition. We welcome industry-specific but not vendor-specific panels.  Students are encouraged to submit papers for the student paper competition (see Student Papers CFP). Full Student papers must be submitted by May 2, 2008. 
