CHANGE DIRECTORY STRUCTURE TO INCLDUE PAPERS AND PRESENTATIONS AND GIFSThe most significant material to be found here is the full text of Trust and Risk in Internet Commerce.COVER IMAGEOther material includes the drafts of works, the slides from presentations, and white papers. Notice that in the case where I include earlier drafts, it is often because of copyright concerns. In this case. I have offered access to the draft of earlier work as well as a link to order the final work and/or the necessary bibliographic material.Full PapersSome of these papers are also available in presentation form, so please check for extended abstracts under white papers and presentations in the last section.White PapersSome of these documents began life as peer-reviewed papers and have been cut down to the level of white paper. Others were full papers which were reviewed on the basis of the extended abstract. And of course a few have always been white papers.The Value of Privacy to the CustomerThe Value of Privacy to the MerchantL. Jean Camp, D.A. Evensky, "Survivability & Trust", Research Directions for the Next Generation Internet, 12-14 May 1997, Washington, DC.L. Jean Camp & Catherine Wolfram, "Pricing Security" , Proceedings of the CERT Information Survivability Workshop, Boston, MA Oct. 24-26, 2000, pp. 31-39. L. Painton, T. Gaylor, L. Jean Camp, C. Phillips, G. Wyss, "Risk-based characterization of network vulnerability", CERT Information Survivability Workshop, 12 - 13 February 1997, San Diego, CA, pp. 62-64.L. Jean Camp & Brain Anderson, "Grameen Phone: Empowering the Poor through Connectivity" iMP: The Magazine on Information Impacts (December 1999).PresentationsMany of these are quite introductory, while a few are highly specialized. There are three basic categories: the regulation of  telecom, regulation of technology, and security/privacy.1. Privacy and SecurityTrust and Risk: The Definitive An extended presentation which gives an overview of the text, Trust and Risk in Internet Commerce. with Cathleen McGrath & Helen Nissenbaum, "Trust: A Collision of Paradigms", Proceedings of Financial Cryptography, Lecture Notes in Computer Science, Springer-Verlag (Berlin, Germany) Fall 2001.Slides and notes from the conference available.Risk: An OverviewThis is a two part tutorial for understanding the role of security in an organization. The first part provides a holistic view of risk, while the second tries to be more specific about various cases: wireless, and B2B. Quite introductory.Digital Signatures: Beware the False Simplicity of Analogy", Massachusetts Continuing Legal Education, 1998, Massachusetts Bar Association. "Internet Commerce: Evolution, Examples and Evaluation", Banking on the New Paradigm, Tokyo, Japan: December 1995.2. TelecomDe-regulation of Telecom in Bangladesh: The Path Less TakenUniversal Service in a Ubiquitous Packet Network Plenary Speaker: "Unintended Consequences of Design" The International Society for Optical Engineering (SPIE) Photonics East, Boston MA Nov. 5-8, 2000. C. D. Hunter, &3. Governance and the Information SocietyIT and the Developing WorldLaws on the control of information should reflect local cultural variables rather than multinational global practice. Free software and open source licenses provide a way to implement culturally sensitive software regulation while remaining in concert with global intellectual property norms. Originally presented at:Internet Governance: From Meritocracy to Bureaucracy to Adhocracy A consideration of the growth of Internet governance; hopefully with few opinions built in given the normally contentious nature of the so-called DNS wars. This includes a quick review of domain names, IP addresses, and the distribution of names.Originally presented at:Keynote Speaker: "When Data =Death, Security for Medical Information Systems" The IEEE Information Technology Applications in Biomedicine Third International Conference, Arlington VA, Nov. 9-10 